Oops hahaha say
I really dare not say it, hahaha.
What are you talking about?
I really dare not say it.
Oh, dear.
I said I said I beg you to let go
How dare you say a false word?
Throw you down
Just dare not
I can't do that.
No, no.
This is red four nine
Sister Hong's subordinates
He made me do all these things
As for why, I really don't know.
I really don't know about Red Four Nine
Red four nine
He is the true king of Binhai City's underground world
It can be said to be the godfather of Binhai City Road
Is the crow thing done?
Success or failure
Before you leave the blue sea immediately
It has been credited to your account.
Hongyan, right?
Please remember my name.
Chen Xiaodao, I will come and take your head
I mean what I say.